		INSTALL NOTES FOR SystemC Release 2.0.1b
		----------------------------------------

Contents:
	1. Installation Notes for Windows


1. Installation for Windows
---------------------------

This release has been ported to Windows NT 4.0 (SP3 and higher) and will
work with Visual C++ 6.0 (SP5). 

The SystemC distribution includes project and workspace files for
Visual C++. If you use these project and workspace files the SystemC
source files are available to your new project. For Visual C++ 6.0 the
project and workspace files are located in directory:

  ...\systemc-2.0.1b\msvc60

This directory contains two subdirectories: `systemc' and
`examples'.

The `systemc' directory contains the project and workspace files to
compile the `systemc.lib' library. Double-click on the `systemc.dsw'
file to launch Visual C++ with the workspace file. The workspace file
will have the proper switches set to compile for Visual C++ 6.0.
Select `Build systemc.lib' under the Build menu or press F7 to build
`systemc.lib'.

The `examples' directory contains the project and workspace files to
compile the SystemC examples. Go to one of the examples subdirectories
and double-click on the .dsw file to launch Visual C++ with the
workspace file. The workspace file will have the proper switches set
to compile for Visual C++ 6.0. Select `Build <example>.exe' under the
Build menu or press F7 to build the example executable.

To create a new design, first create a new project by using the `New'
menu item under the `File' menu. Select the Projects tab on the dialog
box that appears and select a Win32 Console Application. Create an
empty project.

For your own SystemC applications, make sure that the Run Time Type
Information switch is on by using the `Settings...' menu item under
the `Project' menu. Select the C/C++ tab, and select the `C++
Language' category. Make sure that the `Enable Run Time Type
Information (RTTI)' checkbox is checked.

Also make sure that the SystemC header files are included by selecting
the C/C++ tab, selecting the `Preprocessor' category, and typing the
path to the SystemC `src' directory in the text entry field labeled
`Additional include directories'. The examples use
e.g. `../../../src'.

Next add the source files to the project by using the `Add To
Project>Files...' menu item under the `Project' menu. Make sure that
the files are added to the new project directory just created. Do the
same for the `systemc.lib' library before building your SystemC
application.
